hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a romantic fantasy
film meet joe black
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in a luxury villa the billionaire bill
is awakened up
by some mysterious voices during his
night dream
but he fails to check anything abnormal
around
the next morning his elder daughter is
busy with the arrangement of a party
for her father's 65th birthday bill
however gets no interest in the party
details
his younger daughter susan is in a
relationship with william
a board member of her father's company
but bill can tell that she's not
passionately in love with that guy
and encourages her daughter to stay open
to her true love with passion and soul
for he believes that the passion love
should be the only one thing on earth
that man should never miss within a
short life
after parting away with her father susan
meets a vibrant young man at a coffee
shop
who takes an interest in her during
their following conversation
they seem to share lots of comments to
each other
they part away after a long romantic
coffee talk without getting each other's
name for they just turn around
trying to ask for the name of the other
but unfortunately not at the same time
unbeknownst to susan the romantic man is
later unfortunately struck to death by
multiple
[Music]
arriving at the company bill gets a
heart attack
while he's revisited by the mysterious
voices which makes him know that he's
about to face
death due to his disease at night at
home
bill is absent-minded from his elder
daughter's report
while the mysterious voices shows up to
his mind telling bill that he's arrived
now for a visit to bill
for the caretaker bill then meets the
mysterious man
who explains that he's the death coming
to claim bill's dying life
but he's touched by bill's impassioned
speech about love
so he decides to extend bill's lifespan
as long as bill plays as his guide on
earth
astonished by his encounter with the
death though bill later introduces this
man to his family
as joe black susan is pleasantly
surprised
by the uninvited sudden visitor who she
believes to be the romantic young man
she met in the coffee shop however after
several conversations
she's later confused much by the man
named joe who looks exactly the same
but b is totally different concerned by
susan's knowing about the visitor
the father learns that susan just might
know a guy whose body is taken over
now by the death since it's the first
time for joe to experience a human daily
life on earth
he shows his curiosities to everything
around
he then meets susan in the swimming pool
where susan expresses to him her
confusion
from his strange behaviors while joe
tries to gain her trust with an excuse
that
he's actually not a talkative guy with
his time all occupied by business steps
susan seems to buy his excuse thanks to
his sincerity
the next morning as bill learns that joe
really enjoys his experience of mortal
life than bill's family
he shows his concerns to joe and gets
joe's promise
not to hurt his family as part of the
life experience
bill later takes joe to join the board
meeting together
william however feels unpleasant with
the uninvited guests
and gets disappointed much more by bill
who opposes william's merger proposal on
the board meeting
joe later pays a sweet visit to susan in
the hospital
who works there and feels surprised by
his heartwarming greetings
by that time joe happens to see a dying
old lady
who's been tortured by illness for a
long time and can tell joe is the death
she begs joe to take her life away from
the suffering
after checking her lifespan has not been
exhausted yet
joe refuses her but instead tries to
ease her pain a little bit
back to bill's office bill shares joe
with the story of his late wife
who gave him an unfading passionate love
experience ever
while william comes for bill trying to
negotiate with him on the merger case
which is however strongly opposed by
bill again
for he believes that it's his
responsibility to navigate the company
with his best effort
even though he knows there's few time
left for him in this world
later that evening during the dinner
time bill expresses his big regrets to
the family
due to his business hustle after the
dinner
william tries to make his bad comments
on joe to his lover susan
susan however feels very disappointed
with her true feelings over joe she then
says goodbye to william
by the time she turns around she happens
to find joe's already there
who admires her frankness towards love
while at the same time he gets
embarrassed by susan
for he can't even show her his own real
affections
susan later tells her father she's found
her own love of passion and soul
but she's confused by his reply that joe
is not her mr right
despite that susan begins to show her
direct and
passionate love towards joe she even
makes her first move to kiss him
while joe is now under the influence of
human desires
and becomes attracted to her as well
he's excited by such a good feeling of
human love
the next day on the board meeting by
taking use of bill's unexplained
reliance on joe
william convinces the board to vote bill
out as chairman
and approve the merger case at last
feeling sad though
bill has to leave the company as their
relationship grows
susan can't help but ask for a full load
of hormone from the man she's fallen
deeply in love with
joe as the death in human's body
experiences his first
fast but fantastic sex ever
bill angrily confronts joe about his
relationship with his daughter
but joe seems unable to get rid of the
wonderful human love and sex right now
it declares his intention to take susan
with him for his own
the other day joe happens to see the
dying old lady in the hospital
who tells the death that he should leave
right now with the best memories
rather than get obsessed with the human
desires
realizing that the old lady would rather
choose to die earlier
with her own best memories joe gives her
euthanasia
back to home and feeling sad joe then
reveals that he's ready to leave with
bill
for he's achieved the goal for his
journey to the human world
calm as usual bill just replies that
he's also ready for the trip
at the party day joe happens to learn of
the underhanded dealing of the merger
case
through which william will make huge sum
of money
but in sacrifice of the company that
bill has strived so hard to run for so
many years
while on the other side bill expresses
apologies to his elder daughter
for his preference to susan the two
embrace in peace
shedding away the misunderstandings
between a father and daughter
reluctant to part away with susan though
joe has to say goodbye to his lovely
girl
who would rather choose to leave with
joe not knowing his true identity
joe is touched by susan he then changes
him mind
and want to leave with susan for his own
which disappoints the old bill greatly
for joe breaks his promise bill believes
that love also means the responsibility
to let go and encourages joe to tell her
his true identity
joe then finds susan again trying to
tell her the truth
susan however just keeps reminding him
of the romantic talks
they made in the coffee shop which makes
joe realize that
the man in the coffee shop is who susan
actually loves
knowing the answer joe then tries to
kiss by susan
who seems to tell a different soul in
this man for the first time
while at the same time joe promises her
she will always have what she found in
the coffee shop
later by threatening to put william in
jail joe helps bill regain control of
his company
exposing williams underhanded business
dealing to the board
with all wishes competed and the goodbye
hugs to his two lovely daughters
bill walks up to a hillock with joe as
the fireworks explode in the distance
while the bewildered susan watches them
vanish in the far and is about to search
for them
however she's then stunned as joe
reappears alone
this time as the young man from the
coffee shop who's uninjured
and can't account for how he got there
susan accepts that her father is gone
and rekindles the romantic spark
she had shared with a young man
this is daniel cc movie review peace out